[IMP] rental: reformatting physical rental products (#19283)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/sales/rental/configure_products/products.rst

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Next, go to the :menuselection:`Inventory app --> Configuration --> Locations`. Create a new
```
This looks like a merge issue that got introduced at some point. Removing it here.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   pick-up and drop-off of their bikes. The company wants to track its bikes accurately at each
```
We need the hyphens here.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Transfers` in the **Rental** app and :guilabel:`Storage Locations` in the **Inventory** app.
```
Moving "app" out of the bolding.

Reviewer: This is one of the broken links -- it might be for the `price-tab-method` anchor you use elsewhere in the file. Make sure that when built, the sentence makes sense -- if you pull in the current header, it's going to make the sentence read awkwardly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Rental rates can also be configured as a new price rule for an existing pricelist using the
```
This preposition works better in the sentence.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To create a pickup or return receipt, navigate to the desired rental order, and click the
:icon:`fa-cog` :guilabel:`(Actions)` icon to reveal a drop-down menu.
```
There was a comma splice without the "and" here, so I fixed it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
One too many blank lines at the bottom -- we just need one.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*Prices* tab on the product form. Navigate to :menuselection:`Rental app --> Products --> Products`,
then click the desired product.
```
Italics for tab names.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Click the *Prices* tab and click :guilabel:`Add a price`. Select the desired :guilabel:`Pricelist`,
then enter the minimum time required for the price change to trigger in the :guilabel:`Min.
Quantity` column. The :guilabel:`Min. Quantity` column is based on the :guilabel:`Periodicity` field
in the :guilabel:`Sales` tab.
```
Italics for tab names.

Author: I prefer to use guilabels for tab is they are part of the action.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
click the *Sales* tab to configure the :guilabel:`Periodicity` and :guilabel:`Padding Time`.
```
Italics for tab names.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Products` and click the bike product. Click the *Prices* tab, then add a new discounted price for
   the hourly rate. To add the :guilabel:`Validity` column, click the :icon:`oi-settings-adjust`
   :guilabel:`(Settings adjust)` icon and select :guilabel:`Validity`. Then enter the date range in
   which the discount is applicable.
```
Tab names are italicized.

   To configure a physical rental product for product tracking, the **Inventory** app must be
   installed, and *Lots & Serial Numbers* must be enabled.

   For rental products, only :guilabel:`By Unique Serial Number` tracking can be used. Selecting

>    :guilabel:`By Lots` instead results in an error message, since that setting doesn’t apply to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   :guilabel:`By Lots` instead results in an error message, because that setting doesn't apply to
```
Watch out for those curly apostrophes. :)

Also, when we're referring to something *causing* something else, "because" works best -- "since" better indicates a period of time.

   rentals.

Go to the :menuselection:`Rental app --> Products --> Products`, then click :guilabel:`New`. In the
new product window, the :guilabel:`Sales` checkbox is already selected by default. Select
:guilabel:`Goods` as the :guilabel:`Product Type`, then select the :guilabel:`Track Inventory`
checkbox. The :guilabel:`Tracking` and :guilabel:`Quantity On Hand` fields display.

Click into the :guilabel:`Tracking` field and select :guilabel:`By Unique Serial Number`. Enter the
number of products available to rent in the :guilabel:`Quantity On Hand` field.

For the :guilabel:`Category` field, select :guilabel:`Goods` from the drop-down menu or create a new
category by typing in the name and clicking :guilabel:`Create`. Configure :ref:`basic rental rate

> <rental/products/base-rental-period-price>` and any :ref:`additional rates

Reviewer: ```suggestion
category by typing in the name and clicking :guilabel:`Create`. Configure the :ref:`basic rental
rate <rental/products/base-rental-period-price>` and any :ref:`additional rates
```
Adding a "the" so the sentence reads correctly.

> <rental/products/prices-tab>`.

Reviewer: This is another one of the broken links.

=======================================

.. important::

>    Refer to the :ref:`Rental Transfers note <rental-transfers-note>` for information about internal

Reviewer: This is another broken link. It appears to be missing part of its full anchor name.
